What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A GIT Repository will be tied to the directory from where git init is run.
An empty git repository is initialized.It can contain the metadata of files in the present
directory and sub directories.It can keep track of all or a few of the files present in the
directory or sub-directories.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value 
do you think it offers?
Staging area is an intermediate level between working directory and repository.
It gives us the flexibility of choosing what files to be commited in a single 
commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
Staging area will contain the state of files at the time of latest commit.
In working directory,if changes were made to any file, we can use
'git diff' to compare files in staging area and working directory.If the change amounts to 
logical change then we can add changes to staging area and eventually to commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? 
How would branches help?
When i want to tickle around with the code keeping the working code intact or try new feature
that may not work properly or when i want to make the application with another language.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagrams helps to get better picture of how the commits connect to each other.This way
we can easily navigate between commits.

What is the result of merging two branches together?
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
New features can be added to main code.
Diagramatically it is easy to swallow.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Pros
Whenever it is possible for git to merge automatically, it is freeing developer from 
resolving silly issues
Cons
git automatic merging can sometimes lead to erronous code.
git generally raises a merge conflict whenever it finds change in same general area.
In this situation, resolving should be done manually


